fix: adding test to check if flat or flatMap method was used in the steamroller challenge (#38158)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/intermediate-algorithm-scripting/steamroller.english.md

    testString: assert.deepEqual(steamrollArray([1, [], [3, [[4]]]]), [1, 3, 4]);
  - text: <code>steamrollArray([1, {}, [3, [[4]]]])</code> should return <code>[1, {}, 3, 4]</code>.
    testString: assert.deepEqual(steamrollArray([1, {}, [3, [[4]]]]), [1, {}, 3, 4]);

>   - text: You should not use the <code>.flat()</code> or <code>.flatMap()</code> methods.

Reviewer: I suggest a small change in the test's `text`.
```suggestion
  - text: Your solution should not use the <code>Array.prototype.flat()</code> or <code>Array.prototype.flatMap()</code> methods.
```

>     testString: assert(!code.match(/\.flat\(.*?\)/)) || assert(!code.match(/\.flatMap\(.*?\)/));

Reviewer: Allow for spaces and there only needs to be a single assert:
```suggestion
    testString: assert(!code.match(/\.flat\([\s\S]*\)/) && !code.match(/\.flatMap\([\s\S]*\)/));
```
